Add Hive Secret for MySql (#1214)
kube-reporting/metering-operator: Documentation/configuring-hive-metastore.md

- `spec.hive.spec.metastore.storage.size`

> ### Use MySQL for the Hive Metastore database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use MySQL for the Hive Metastore database
```

Currently two alternative options are available, MySQL and PostgreSQL, both of which have been tested with the metering-operator.

There are 4 configuration options you can use to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver` , `username` , and `password`.
There are three configuration options you can use to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver` , and `secretName` .
The `url` is the url of the MySQL instance, port followed by the database name.
The `driver` configures the javax.jdo.option.ConnectionDriverName, which is the class name for the jdbc driver that will be used to store hive metadata.
The `secretName` is the name assigned to the secret which contains the base64 encrypted username and password for the database.

Using MySQL:
### Using MySQL

To use MySQL create a secret in your namespace and then add the following to your Metering CR under the top level `spec`:

```
spec:
  hive:
    spec:
      config:
        db:
          url: "jdbc:mysql://mysql.example.com:3306/hive_metastore"
          driver: "com.mysql.jdbc.Driver"
          username: "REPLACEME"

>           password: "REPLACEME"

Reviewer: Let's revert back to the original example's YAML hierarchy, but still continue to replace the `username` and `password` fields with `secretName`.

Author: In the CR it is only a secretName,  so the above is a better matching example though. 
Unless you have other ideas for why un and pw should be there?

Reviewer: No, I meant the current example is mis-aligned compared to the original. We want to be removing the `username` and `password` references.

```yaml
spec:
  hive:
    spec:
      config:
        db:
          url: "jdbc:mysql://mysql.example.com:3306/hive_metastore"
          driver: "com.mysql.jdbc.Driver"
          secretName: "REPLACEME"
```

By default to make installation easier Metering configures Hive to use an embedded Java database called [Derby](https://db.apache.org/derby/#What+is+Apache+Derby%3F), however this is unsuited for larger environments or metering installations with a lot of reports and metrics being collected.
Currently two alternative options are available, MySQL and PostgreSQL, both of which have been tested with the metering-operator.

> There are 4 configuration options you can use to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver` , and `secretName` .

Reviewer: This may not be in the scope of this PR, but we may want to add some more description to the various configurable fields, besides just listing them off in succession and expect users can fill in the gaps themselves.

> There are 4 configuration options you can use to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver` , `username` , `secretName` and `password`.

Reviewer 2: if you use `secretName` then `username` and `password` doesn't apply, right?

Reviewer 2: @emoss but if the username & password parameter is still valid, then the beginning should be updated to `5`... or to whatever number of parameters that are accepted.

Author: For Mysql it'll be 4, with Postgres 5, but I will clarify

> To use MySQL create a secret in your namespace and then add the following to your Metering CR under the top level `spec`:

Reviewer: I think I prefer using something less verbose, like `Using MySQL`, as the header and adding a follow-up note detailing that you would need to create a secret containing these credentials, in order to use this functionality.

Author: Did both

```

> 

Reviewer 2: why take out the `spec:`

Reviewer: Yeah, revert this - let's continue using the top-level spec in our YAML outputs (also applies to the following Posgresql documentation.)

          hive:
            spec:
              config:
                db:

>                   url: "jdbc:mysql://mysql.example.com:3306/hive_metastore""

Reviewer: Extra trailing `""` here.

By default to make installation easier Metering configures Hive to use an embedded Java database called [Derby](https://db.apache.org/derby/#What+is+Apache+Derby%3F), however this is unsuited for larger environments or metering installations with a lot of reports and metrics being collected.
Currently two alternative options are available, MySQL and PostgreSQL, both of which have been tested with the metering-operator.

> There are 4 configuration options you can use to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver` , and `secretName` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three configuration options you can specify to control the database used by Hive metastore: `url` , `driver`, and `secretName` .
```

> The `url` is the clusterIP of the service, port followed by the database name.

Reviewer: "the clusterIP of the service" is a bit vague

> The `driver` is the database driver.

Reviewer: the `driver` field is configuring the `javax.jdo.option.ConnectionDriverName`, which is the class name for the jdbc driver you intend on using to store hive metadata.

> The `secretName` is the name assigned to the secret which contains the username and password for the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secretName` is the name of the secret which contains the base64 encrypted username and password for the database.
```

> ## Using MySQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using MySQL
```

Reviewer: This is also inconsistent with the existing "Use PostgreSQL for the Hive Metastore database" header that follows after these examples.

To use MySQL create a secret in your namespace and then add the following to your Metering CR under the top level `spec`:

```

        spec:
          hive:
            spec:
              config:
                db:
                  url: "jdbc:mysql://mysql.example.com:3306/hive_metastore"
                  driver: "com.mysql.jdbc.Driver"
                  secretName: "REPLACEME"

```

You can pass additional JDBC parameters using the `spec.hive.spec.config.db.url`, for more details see [the MySQL Connector/J documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/5.1/en/connector-j-reference-configuration-properties.html).

## Use PostgreSQL for the Hive Metastore database

```

> 

Reviewer: Remove this extra line

spec:
  hive:
    spec:
      config:
        db:
          url: "jdbc:postgresql://postgresql.example.com:5432/hive_metastore"
          driver: "org.postgresql.Driver"
          secretName: "REPLACEME"

> 

Reviewer: Same here, remove the extra newline
